DOCS: update for lightspeed app docs update 1.1.0 (#1541)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payments/integrations/ecommerce-platforms/lightspeed_app/faq/adding-payment-method-footer-icons.md

To automatically add icons using a MultiSafepay script, follow these steps: 

1. Sign in to your Lightspeed app.
2. Go to **Settings** > **Storefront payment icons**.
3. Click the **copy to clipboard** button. 
5. In your **Lightspeed Admin area**, go to **Settings** > **Web extras and custom Javascript**. 
6. Paste the script into the **Javascript textbox**.
7. Set the status to **Enable**.
8. Click **Save**. The icons appear in the footer.

Depending on the storefront, the display order of the generated icons is determined by the settings at the time of generation. If you update the settings, you need to update the script as well.

> By default the icons are 16px of height. In most themes the footer icons are found in the "div.payment-methods p". In needed you can change the selector based on the thema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, icons are 16 px high. In most themes, you can find the footer icons in the **div.payment-methods p**. If required, you can change the selector based on the theme.
```
